managing access to environments (#48)
madetech/productionisation: PRODUCTIONISATION.md

### 3. Environments

* 3.1 Application has corresponding environments and hosting for:
  * [ ] 3.1.1 `testing` for internal delivery team, this environment should only be accessible to engineers

>   * [ ] 3.1.2 `staging` for showcasing to customer, with limited access and it's setup should mirror production

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * [ ] 3.1.2 `staging` for showcasing to customer, with restricted access and its setup should mirror production
```
